Richard congratulations I guess a bit
more tense and nervous than you wanted
it to be in the air yeah a little bit so
they sort of play better when they went
down to ten men and then yeah we delight
we've come away three points we felt we
defended heroically at the end there and
there come away with with the points we
deserve yeah you got a happy knack of
being in the right place at the right
time in a minute uh yeah when you look
Senor looks in and it seems to be for me
at the moment and thankfully one of us
was there on the line and do manage to
get Arthur clean sheet in the row do you
think that's the kind of thing that when
it's going for you because there were
times previously in the season notably
that period before Christmas where
things like that just didn't happen it
dropped to their kind of players today
it seemed to come for you I think so
yeah we're obviously on a good run now
we go to born with high on confidence
you working hard on you because we talk
about luck and that's gone much what I
mean but you work hard and you get the
look that you deserved I think so we've
got an honest bunch in there and they're
trying the hearts out to to break into
that player and then yeah I think we've
we've shown previously home in the past
few weeks that um you know we're a good
match for anyone in the league we're
seeing a different side to you as well I
mean that towards the end there we saw
your your leadership your discussion
you're constantly talking to everybody
on the pictures do you feel like a
senior member of the team now that this
is your responsibility to help them
through yeah I think so and they said
it's a job on thriving on to be honest
and myself and Danny they're trying to
walk the boys through the game and
really get the boys going and you know
they responding to that so long may
continue yeah every win is important I
know but did this game feel a little bit
more special than some of the others
just the way you had to fight extra hard
for ya certainly yeah something
different than we've we've had to face
in the past couple of weeks soham yeah i
think the boys stood up to it really
well and like i said a lot of goals in
previous weeks and three clean sheets
we're looking good yeah what goes
through your mind when they bring on
Alex Rafael at the end as well you know
if suppose you spent 85 minutes
defending high balls and then we've am
organic well you know what's coming home
especially required if they've got the
the personnel up front that thrive on
that sort of service and like I said I
think as a defense we perform very well
with Thomas Darren managed another for
any threat they had be a very different
threat on Tuesday higher Bournemouth
very much like we saw ham how they
played against this last time and
technically at a very good side and
certainly different 22 saw what we face
today and we feel as though maybe we we
owe them one after several in justices
the last time we played so we're going
to go down there for the confidence and
hopefully pick up three points do you
feel like almost now because of the run
of results you're on that listen you can
go and take on anybody certainly yeah
we've obviously performed very well
recently and we're gonna sell as a very
good chance of sort of gay crashing the
playoffs
you